Okay all right so we were talking about crafting
Creative hobbies, that's right. ahan..
Paintings
mmm..
mm
Ohhh.. huhahah
mhm
mmm...
mhmm
huhhuh
hahhah no, how annoying, huhuhaahh
Oh no!
***ahan
Oh wow, ah han
I and
mmm..
mhmm
huhahaha
ohhh
Yeah.
mmm
right
mhmm
mmm..
Watercolor is hard. It's really hard.
It's like you have to kind of let go a little bit.
right, you you can't really control it the way you think, right?
So I'm I find that really hard. That tells you a little bit about me.huhuhahah
Huhhahahaa, But it's hard, right, yeah
yeah
mmm...
Yeah.
Yeah. Right, right right
So have you ever like, so because you want it, you say you want it raw, right?
did you ever do like like markers or like
Like color pencils. Yeah.
mhmm mhmm
yeah right
mm mhmm
mmm...
Nice
huhhahaha
A Krillin gets fun too. Yeah, Krillin gets fun.
Krillin is expensive. So acrylic probably.
Yeah, oil is really expensive.
yeah
Yeah, of a few, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. That's fun. Wow
When I was younger, I used to skip art classes.
Yeah, I used to take like a...um I think it was...um..
In Like Japanese it's like
Enugu, I don't know what that is. Is that like, I think it's like...
The enogu is like, I don't know, I think it's like acrylic.
Kind of an acrylic I used to do that.
And I used to do...um.. um..
Like oil Crayons, do you know what I'm talking about?
You know what? I think they have a name. Yeah, I think there's a name for it.
Really?
um...
I I I forget what it was.
Yeah, there's like a specific like it's an oily smell in it.
They're like little cheese, right
Cuz in like a big set. I used to I used to make...
I'd draw take a class of that, so
May be is there yeah, but I was, I don't know, I was always like creative like think.
I always loved painting, I loved crafting.
There used to be a um this little book.
It's like an like a activities book.
And then it was like a cut and like construction kind of like thing.
Every page would be like a different thing, like one would be like a little train.
Another page would be like, you know, like
like a building or something and that was always like my...
My souvenir from Japan for my grandparents.
So like it would be like one of those those would be a treat to get that.
Every time like my mom had to be like, okay only one page today and she would like tear it up
gave it to me. So that was like a...like a..
Even from then, like it spend it was like I had the inclination to craft.
I think, yeah, I really like that.
Yeah I warned, mm?
mhmm
Oh, definitely. Definitely. I mean, my earliest memories of just
like having fun was crafting so like even now the cricket stuff like I
I um ch ahhh,,
cut my sleep time to like do it.
Like I love doing it like when the house is quiet and then I have like this time for myself
I'll like cut like two or three hours off my sleep.
and just enjoy that time, so
Yeah, it's not healthy, but I do it anyway. huhehe, yeah
Oh, definitely. Yeah. Oh, yeah.